[Music]
hello everyone hello hello my name is
james i'm nick and welcome to the
padreon this is our
fourth fifth sixth episode i have not
been counting neither have i and it's
kind of my job
um
probably the most consistent page uh
podcast we put out ever
i think like this is like yeah fourth
consecutive weeks we've actually managed
to pull this off yeah
wow
we're like professional and stuff yeah
um
i think the most we ever got before was
like
three weeks and then we had a break and
it's like i'll get back to it next week
yeah there was always a break but we're
doing this for
our amazing patrons it's a job so we
will never take a break never take a
break
um
speaking of never taking a break today's
episode is about
burnout
um which
nick is going to get to avoid because
he's taking two months off avoid honey i
already was burnt out like you saw what
happened like the last
two days after we stopped shooting like
i was a wreck
yeah um
i'm even starting to feel it myself just
working on the new video
it should be out this sunday i say
should
um
but i'm not putting any guarantees on it
but like i'm i'm even starting to feel
it just like
because we've been putting out a lot of
videos over the last couple of months
yeah from the beginning of the year like
youtube started being a massive asshat
to us so yeah and because they were
doing that we were like okay we need to
put out more videos
so my experience is like i
i'm not trying to diminish what you do
but like i work most consistently
because i do the writing which takes up
a lot of time and it's kind of like a
marathon sort of stuff whereas
you more so have like a
um a job yeah where it's like you know
several hours a day etc whereas i kind
of come in you're a sprinter you kind of
take the when yeah when we've assembled
the thing like from when we start
editing the script when it's finished
when we start editing that's when you
kind of take off and you start pulling
like 14 hour days
um
yeah for like you and you do so it's
like whereas i'm like a consistent level
of work
uh throughout the month you're kind of
an excessive amount of work for a week
yeah like an unhealthy amount of work
yeah and so like the way that this year
has worked so far is like we put out the
banana fish
video um and then yeah and then things
started to go wrong
yeah we put out the banana fish video
and it got demonetized because there is
indication of police violence some
[ __ ] because it's gay
and then yeah according to youtube this
is what i got back from actual
representatives of youtube sorry if you
hear any background noise there's people
outside and it's it's relatively warm so
we have the door open uh the patio door
um
that uh what they said was there are
shots of police violence
or not of police violence there are
shots of um
rioting
in the opening credits yeah and that's
what demonetized the video and they
wouldn't let me like black out the
opening credits they wouldn't like
youtube used to do
yeah um they wouldn't let me do anything
like that i couldn't just re-upload the
video because at the time it already had
like a hundred thousand views and we
couldn't lose a hundred thousand views
yeah because what the way that the
algorithm works is that you know like
things
uh travel based on momentum if things
are getting a lot of views in a short
amount of time uh then they'll get
recommended to other people yeah if you
re-uploaded the video it would have lost
those views
the people who already watched it
wouldn't have watched it again yeah most
of you um
uh people on patreon and in your
community would have because they're
yeah even on mute while they did
something else uh but it would so that
it would have lost on a couple
a few dozen
thousand views
um which would not have been enough to
kind of press it into other people
yeah and now it's it's
i think it's the most viewed video this
year yeah
which kind of stings because we because
we put a lot of work because we got no
money from it yeah um but then youtube
came out and said okay well we're going
to we we're actually going to let you
monetize the gay panic video at first
you were like no i'm not going to do
them i was like don't do that that's a
trap and you're like yeah i'm not going
to do it but then they kept pushing you
and so like i i a lot of patrons will
remember this i asked like ken and would
you be okay if i made it public because
you know was going to be just a patron
exclusive video and the overwhelming
response was yes yeah and so i made it
public and then within a week it was
demonetized and rated 18 plus yeah which
which getting a team plus rating on your
channel is not just a matter of like oh
it gets demonetized it's a black mark
uh you can only do that so many times
before youtube will actively shut down
your channel no
no they won't shut down their channel i
thought it was no that's that's that's
that's a whole other thing okay um 18
plus is like you can upload as many 18
plus videos as you want they're not
going to get rid of your channel yeah
and they gave it the 18 plus rating for
the most asinine reason ever there is a
shot late in the video
um
when we're covering the gwen
gwen
section
uh in the background
out of focus there is a crime scene
photograph yeah
and that is why they rated it 18 plus
how do like straight people make money
off of their true crime there are so
many true crime documentary channels on
youtube and so like
oh yeah i forgot to mention that in the
banana fish video there is a shot from
pose with a dead sex worker
yeah but that's not what really you you
would have thought no it would and and
it was specifically
the violence
the the burning car in the opening
cruise
all right which is funny because the
alternate titles for the patron version
were just shots from banana fish but
that was demonetized because it was
using uh a fleetwood mac song yeah
you just can't win um
yeah but so
so then we put out a bunch of videos so
then so then what immediately happened
and this is what happened is like you
know like um it's like
we had to react to that yeah and so like
you're like okay nick time to hunker
down and write this write another video
and i was like
[ __ ] so i kind of
over two weeks worked my ass off to kind
of write something that we could use
what came out after that was that the
shipping video
i can't remember exactly i think it was
the shipping video that came out after
that
which is what spearheaded the telos
funding which was amazing and fantastic
but there was something about that that
kind of messed up and it was like and
and for like well yeah
it's what happened with the shipping
video was that uh it did really really
well it was doing really well it was the
most viewed
um
video on the channel for the first
little bit
um
and then it hit a wall
and
like
there's no official
statement of what happened but it seems
like there was a lot of people who were
not happy
that i
um
compared adam to be a child uh child
predator well that but there were a
bunch of things like saying that
you know kind of arguing that there's
more
um lesbian content out there than there
is gay content especially in like
children's media
while at the same time making the
concession that a lot of it is done
specifically for straight men i think
kids media i'm not in kids but you know
like the you know like um the more overt
lesbian representation uh in like adult
media is made
for the intention of attracting straight
attracting straight men to that yeah
that it's this for the straight the
straight men not for actual lesbians but
um and even though a lot of people did
not like that and so they downvoted the
video and so the video stopped being
recommended yeah um which kind of put a
hamper on the channel because the next
two videos that came out were the disney
video and the wanda video
neither of them did very well at all
wanda has since picked up yeah since
doctor strange came out because people
are angry and they click on things when
they're angry um
and so the wanda video is doing well now
um
but it was just like
basically for the first
four months
of 2022 it was constant reactionary like
this is like we need to get this done we
need to get this done this is until
finally
i put out the the the the video asking
for patrons
um and that was a huge success so this
is what my look life looked like it's
like okay so we react reacted to
the um banana fish banana fish video by
making the other video public and then
we reacted to that getting demonetized
by rushing through the shipping shipping
video which you know led to some
problems with other stuff like the um
uh sort of a lack of down votes yeah and
also um
uh
sort of misgendering casey
uh casey with questions jason and sort
of like
setting not doing our due diligence to
sort of uh and this is on me mostly to
sort of set up that a concession
about that it's a and reinforce the idea
that it's okay for straight women to
write gay characters but just pointing
out that there is a
you know difference yeah there's a
difference and so that didn't really
come across as much as i would have
wanted it to because we were rushing
because we were reacting so for about
four months my life was
um
kind of thinking okay
after the next video i'm going to get a
break um
i'm going to get two weeks to just kind
of
chill out and breathe for half a second
and then
consistently after we put out the video
it just tanked and so i didn't get a
break and so like i even though i would
condition myself to be like okay i'm
gonna get to relax i'm gonna get to
breathe for a second it was like i can't
start writing on the next thing
immediately and i got i worked myself
into
such a mental health spiral i don't know
if you um if that came across to you oh
no not at all
but yeah i was i was not that was
sarcasm by the way yeah
i was not in a good place um
i have not been in a good place i'm kind
of working unworking myself out because
there's there's a difference between i
think
working a lot and being very busy
and i like to be very bad and seeing the
results and working a lot being very
busy and seeing people
actively ignore your work yeah uh which
i think was really
weighing heavy on you that you were you
were doing a lot of work that wasn't
paying and especially because like i i
had just put out i had just really
gentlemen's club evelyn i picked one
um
uh in october yeah and so like uh we
were taking some time and immediately
after that i was like okay we gotta
focus on some videos because you know we
had the we you need to do the november
video which what what was what what's
that again
i think that was the china video yeah uh
which was actually relatively quick
right i think uh yeah because like when
i write a video when a video is written
majority by me
it's written very quickly because if i
am able to write the majority of the
video myself it's because i'm angry yeah
and
it's topical i can just like
punch it out very quickly and that's
that's what the china video was that was
the rowling video where it's like the
livelihood and that's what a lot of the
the pocket gay videos are yeah i think
the china video worked really well for
that reason because you had like this
burst of information about like china
how the film industry works and i kind
of took that and i analyzed and
basically made the anti-fascist video
that my friends have been sort of
reinforcing me about that i'm not just a
hacktivist
so like we had um december off for
reasons which was a very stressful
reason
um did we have december i think we
released a video on december we put out
a video but that was i think a shorter
one or maybe we didn't because that was
when we had the stuff going on
i think we really the another thing to
no you released the um
uh
you made the uh panic defense for
patrons in december yeah the queer panic
video went out in december um and then
something else to remember
is the
night that the banana fish video went
live was the night my mom died yeah
uh so all of december a lot of december
that wasn't december it was i know but a
lot of december was making preparations
for that yeah and kind of like with that
so like
so like 2022 youtube had been being a
dick my mom passed away
uh fighting with insurance companies
just like constant hell yeah and
you know thank god for for you guys for
kind of coming in and saving us from
youtube's algorithm the patrons took so
immediately took so much off of our
shoulders that had just been living
there for months which oddly
kind of kicked me into i need to do more
yeah um so you know now instead of one
video a month it's two or three videos a
month yeah um i'd like to keep it at two
um
depends on the length of the video but
like for for instance like the next
video that's coming out the
uh video analyzing camp
uh it's gonna be one long video for
patrons and then two videos on two
videos on youtube
uh which are roughly going to be two one
hour videos on youtube and a two hour
video for patrons
um
[Music]
and
uh there's also going to be later on in
june
uh a video looking at queer as folk the
american queers folk show
um
because there's the the reboot happening
and then through the summer we're just
gonna do pocket gaze videos because you
know
taking a little bit of a break on the
summer would be nice and youtube kind of
dies in the summer because people are
out doing things and they're not just
sitting home watching videos
um
so
in case you know anyone listening wasn't
aware there'll be shorter videos coming
out during the summer and then back to
normal in the fall
um
but yeah like i i've seen like
i've seen you very stressed about
everything and that's why i was like
okay i'm gonna well right two months i
was talking about how like i just put
out my book and about
march and a little bit into april i was
uh really starting to just freak out
about how i just abandoned my fiction
writing because i was like right we were
writing videos so reactively i did not
have time or energy
to devote to any of uh my creative
projects yeah which made me feel like
this i'm just a one-trick pony i just
published one book that's part of a
series i'm never gonna finish the series
i'm never gonna write anything else like
yeah i just got so
discouraged and when you get discouraged
like that about your own abilities and
your own ability to like you know create
and generate things that makes your work
productivity worse
yeah so on top of like
the fact that i was struggling to kind
of
reassure myself that i was like a real
author that i do real fiction writing
um i i was also really bummed out
because like the kind of thick
non-fictious fictitious content i was
putting out into the world wasn't really
receiving anything i was kind of like
i'm gonna have to a brand abandoned both
things this just isn't for me i can't i
i i'm not meant to be doing this yeah
and so that made it worse and so like
this is the kind of spiral that happened
over about like six to eight weeks um
that started to get easier when we got
the patron burst
but like it still got pre i was already
kind of in the shutter by then so like
it was still kind of getting bad
internally even though things externally
were improving
um
and i'm like i'm starting to look up i'm
starting to do a bit better i am more
able now to talk myself out of spirals
most of the time um than i was before as
in like the last week or two
um and hopefully over the next a little
bit that i'm going to have off uh with
some some assistance towards james if he
wants to show me a script now and then
uh to sort of look over uh then like i
i'm really hoping that i can get my
creative juices back and start getting
to work on
a normal keel again yeah
and like for me i i haven't been
experiencing the burnout quite as much
as you but i've been experiencing guilt
uh for instance yesterday i was very
very sick
um
i couldn't like i take pills every day
for epilepsy and and anxiety and whatnot
and
last night i took them and
uh they did not stay down
uh so i was very sick i was having a lot
of stomach problems
um
and i also want to specify that
sorry go ahead
i was just gonna say like and because i
had to take a day where i was very very
sick and i couldn't edit
um i felt not only was i sick all day
but i felt bad all day because i wasn't
editing yeah because by taking that day
where i wasn't editing that meant that
the video might not get finished for
sunday
i just wanted to sort of specify that
like even though you say you haven't
really been feeling the burnout that
much like it's not like you haven't been
working or dealing with really stressful
things i mean like your mom passed away
you had to struggle with your trust i'm
i'm
in a whole other like what i mean is i
don't feel the burnout from youtube okay
from doing youtube videos like i have
there is an amount of stress
that i can't really describe
when
i
take telos into account yeah for
instance oh yeah uh because that's like
two more youtubes
um worth of stuff because that's not
just like put something out and see how
much money gets made off of it the money
has been paid yeah and so it's kind of
like there's an obligation being paid
um and like i i um i've been trying to
sort of pressure you
to sort of realize that you know you
don't need that these people kind of
you you weren't paid a bunch of money
for
i don't think people had the would
expect realistically that you'd be able
to churn out something and start turning
out content within six months i don't
think there was that kind of turnaround
sort of expectation
it's not six months because like we put
out the call
for the
the
the the indiegogo
in
february yeah um the first movie's not
coming out until october so it's not six
months
right but more like ten months right but
making movies uh in order to kind of
turn it over the first one is a short
film yeah but still in order to turn out
content like this um at a reliable keel
like you know indie films being produced
like you know multiple a year you need
to be living in a place where all of
these uh where there are institutions
where there's an infrastructure there is
not here no so
we're still trying to figure out
how do we cast this thing yeah because
there's no like acting organizations
around here that aren't union and like
we're going to be paying 60 an hour like
we're not cheap skating out yeah but we
can't afford union wages
um
so like i just want to like offer this
council that like
we don't have to as long as we kind of
you know keep people updated with the
process we don't have to like kind of
immediately
turn stuff around granted i know that
you want to get final girl up for
halloween
uh because it is a bit of a horror movie
and that's important and you know it is
a short film so you know like we can
that doesn't seem unreasonable to me
uh but here's the difference here's the
difference you're looking at this from a
creative point of view i'm looking at it
from the creative and business side of
things yeah because
if you know the
image of telos becomes
oh they took the money and ran
then
that doesn't look good
right i mean like but we're we're not
like um harry and megan who got paid two
million dollars for a podcast who that
have yet to that has yet to materialize
but if anyone would like to pay us two
million dollars for a podcast by all
means uh we will do one a week the
movies would happen much sooner if we
got two million dollars to record a
podcast oh if if if we had somehow
raised two million dollars i would have
i would
there'd be a movie out already yeah like
there'd be a feature-length movie out
like i would have like i like 80 000
seems like a lot of money but like we
were gonna go we were going over it with
um robin who i'd love to have in a
podcast sometime uh just to let you guys
get to know her and she was kind of
leading us through a lot of the
production side of movies because her
husband has done stuff with that um
and like it can get
prohibitively expensive and i won't talk
about the circumstances for why it
wouldn't well i will uh
it can get prohibitively expensive
because for instance if you're shooting
in a public place you're supposed to get
a permit
if you're shooting anywhere that is not
a private residence you're supposed to
get a permit from the city
uh in our case a permit from the
province
um
which apparently
can take a very long time not only a
long time and
um
there can be
uh
you know depending upon who is
processing the permit you have to give
them like a synopsis of the movie and
sometimes you have to give them the
script and everything and a lot of times
they don't like to give permits to
horror movies first of all and a lot of
times gay movies seem to get into this
kind of development hell with them where
they don't say no
because then that's homophobic but they
drag the process out as long as possible
and my friends i have two friends who
work in the film industry one of them's
actually won an emmy um
and i was talking to them about it after
we talked to robin and they were like no
no no no for the money you have you run
and gun it
if the movie becomes big enough that
they come to you and say hey you shot
that here pay us if the movie becomes
that big you've been paid for it and you
know someone has bought the distribution
all right you asked for forgiveness not
for permission
well yeah basically the like matt
specifically said like pay the fine
later
and pay the fine for not paying for the
the upfront because if the movie is
successful enough to kind of get those
eyes and a lot of times like
they're both named matt um
a lot of times like they matt said like
especially like in a smaller city
they're not going to come after you like
if you have a movie that comes out
that's relatively successful
that you're open and say like oh i shot
this here that city is not going to come
after you because then they look bad
yeah
um and so it's like especially if it's a
city like halifax was desperately trying
to attract people to it especially post
covid since tourism i haven't heard a
single foghorn from a cruise ship since
in like two years yeah so like the city
is
not
it needs people here it's a function the
halifax is built off of tourism and the
big thing um
[Music]
also is
i
don't
want to pay thousands of dollars
to the government
when i can be paying thousands of
dollars to actors and artists to help
make these movies better well yeah
especially because like if you pay that
much money to the government that 80
thousand dollars is going to go towards
two short films
maybe yeah like
instead of short films features series
and like actually get a start on this
like to get stuff because like we don't
want to have to go back to people to be
like hey we made a short film we need
another hundred grand for another one
yeah um and like because we decided to
do everything on the up and up and
that's expensive and short films are
short films are basically proof of
concept you take those around two movie
festivals maybe someone likes it they
give you a budget to make a larger one
and then it spirals from there whereas
like you know like and like a big part
of the budget with short films is you
need to go to the show the film
festivals you can't just it's with
features you can kind of send them
around and you don't need to tour with
them yeah but with a short film you need
to be there because someone needs to see
it and then see you there and you know
you're there to shake their hand and
then have lunch or something like that
and then you know you never know who you
meet who's like i saw your short film
and it was great it can go from there
but
uh back to burnout
right
so like all of that's going on in my
head at the same time as you know all
the youtube stuff
um and you know like i do most of the
writing through the month for the
youtube stuff so like you can kind of
focus more on the tele side of things so
that's kind of the script is off your
shoulders and except for that week where
we edit and shoot
yeah i think you underestimate the
amount of thought that i put into the
youtube stuff and scheduling
and
making sure that like all of that kind
of stuff
because it's not just like i sit on my
ass and wait for the script and then i
shoot and edit it
there is so much going on in the
background
like within like adsense and dealing
with uh
different copyright claims that come in
that happens oh all the time really um
that i deal with and have to like get in
touch with people
uh trying to reach out to even like
sponsors and stuff like that which
nobody nobody wants to sponsor us
[Laughter]
um
and you have got an approach to uh peg
to pedal nfts though yes
um on a on a uh
uh
uh what's it called when they pay you
when you make money
commission on a commission basis um i
wouldn't peddle nfts even if they paid
me upfront
um
but there's a lot more behind-the-scenes
stuff going on than i think you'd
realize
um
and i wouldn't have thought that
copyright claims came in as regularly as
they did well it's not just copyright
claims but they they do for every video
there are multiple copyright claims um
yeah like i said i wasn't trying to
diminish what you do do but like you
know but like it's and
so it and dealing with like scheduling
and trying to build out the stuff for
telos and
figuring out
a lot of like okay what's the next video
going to look like and stuff like that
and also the pocket gaze that i'm
writing
um
excuse me
and so like i i i think you
underestimate the amount of work i do in
a month
um
and
that's that's youtube related
that is intellis related um
and the telo stuff is a lot of finance
and whereas the youtube stuff is a lot
of dealing with people which i would
much rather deal with money than people
um
but so like i
with with this new video the the camp
one
even i'm starting to feel the burnout
and it's not even that i'm like oh my
god i can't do this it's
specifically like
projecting projected burnout because i'm
like okay so this video is this is going
to be this long and it's going to be out
on this day and then two weeks later
this video is going to be out and then
two weeks later this video is going to
be out and like doing that but also then
saying okay and somewhere in there we
need to schedule uh we need to put out
the casting call we need to schedule
shooting where do we put out the casting
call what places can we get it to um how
do we do that and then scheduling the
actual like audition dates
uh stuff like that maybe necessary
callbacks um
all of that
within the very short period of time
coming up so that
casting can be done before final girl
needs to be shot
um
and then there was a kind of a hiccup
with final girl
um that i won't get into here that kind
of like threw the production process up
in the air um so it's completely
different than what i had been planning
and had built our entire schedule around
um
and so there's all of that going on
and
then at the same time
i am also like you know sitting there
working on the video the current video
editing the current video and thinking
okay what video are we going to do in
october
and it's may
yeah
i'm a little less
uh sort of inclined to plan ahead with
the specifics of what video we're doing
because like for last year there was
also many times where we had like oh
we're gonna make this video next and
then like the day after there was
something that dropped in the news or i
don't know i know but it was like
i'm doing it
to try and reduce the work level because
for instance like talking about doing a
video about black swan in october
that gives us you know four months to
work on that yeah instead of
okay here's two weeks getting oh i was
saying like sometimes we had like we
came up with a really you know
interesting idea and then we wrote it
really quickly because like it was kind
of fresh in the in the mind concept um
and i mean that's what the pocket games
are for yeah but like i don't want and
so that's why i was kind of like pushing
to kind of reduce the amount of workload
that we have because like if
like especially for instance if we're
pressured to put out three videos a a
month like you know one regular size
video and two pocket case that's a lot
of writing especially when you have
everything else going on with telos like
you you need to give yourself a bit of a
break and i think people that are on
patreon and people who have submit who
have donated tells will understand
that if you have all these projects
going on
um it's only natural that things are
going to take a bit longer especially
because like you can't produce quality
content while you are in the process of
burning out um so if we are going to be
putting together for a short film
um
i would really like to kind of give that
our best and not be you know like while
we're shooting people are like okay what
video were we gonna do we have to put up
more videos more videos
uh and so i'm not saying we need to put
out more videos like we're doing a video
like a full-length video and a pocket
game yeah every month
excuse me
um
and like that that's the plan
um basically you know a video every two
weeks more or less yeah um
and i think that gives us a good buffer
zone to kind of
uh have time to work on other things
um
and kind of develop other things
especially the short films or film
feature films later
um
in a way that like if we keep working at
the keel that we have been i don't think
we'd be able to get anything substantive
substantial equality across
i mean i disagree like i'm not saying we
need to
like
you know burn ourselves out consistently
but what i'm saying is that i don't
think there has been a quality reduction
no but i'm saying like if we had the
workload that we have had for the last
few months while at the same time
needing to produce a movie i don't think
that i think that something would have
to give
i mean i disagree and maybe that's just
because like having gone to film school
and stuff like that i am
[Music]
used to having like
five or six different
video based projects going at once
um
and not being overwhelmed by that
the
[Music]
and that's that's kind of the thing with
me right now that has me the most
stressed out is not the video production
side of things whether that's telos uh
with the short films or the the feature
films or the series or with youtube
whether it's short videos or long videos
or live streams or whatever none of that
stresses me out the actual shooting
editing all of that none of that
stresses me out um
the writing side of it stresses me out a
little bit uh obviously you do the
majority of the writing for the longer
videos i do the majority for the pocket
gays
i'm going to be writing
the first couple of short films myself
um
but
the thing that stresses me out
is the planning
because like
planning takes a lot of mental energy um
that
i'm i'm sure you're aware of
um
so like even me planning like okay what
day should this video come out that is
hours and hours of trying to like figure
out like okay is anyone else coming out
with a video around this day all that
kind of stuff like it it's like
there's a lot of looking at schedules
and trying to predict things
but also like with telos
not just like okay when can we release
final girl it's okay when can we
put when do we put out the casting call
when do we do the actual casting
sessions when do we decide on the actors
when do we start shooting when dead dip
debt and it goes on and on and on
that's the stuff that stresses me out
like i wish i had the money to just hire
an assistant to do that for me like i
would i would i would happily
do that
what i was saying is if i had to be in a
position where i had to consistently
put out uh two to five thousand words a
day for a video a day sometimes yes
well yeah that's what i mean that's
those are the rushed videos that you're
talking about that you at the same time
as working on i'm talking about the
workload for the past few months if i
had to do that well at the same time
worrying about uh going to movies
writing scripts for those movies editing
scripts for those movies um are like um
mentally processing how to arrange
lightings on various sets how to arrange
actors
that would i wouldn't be able to do that
much
just in terms of the sheer volume of
like words that i need to be putting out
at the same time as juggling um mental
energy expending mental energy like well
that's why i'm scheduling videos five
months ahead of time so that it's not we
need 5 000 words a day
it's okay so we're doing a black swan
video in october
there are months and months and months
to get that figured out and work on it
and write it and et cetera et cetera
instead of we're doing a black swan
video two weeks from now yeah
uh so that it's not two to five thousand
words a day
right but that's what i'm talk that's
what i'm talking about like i am trying
to schedule these things
well ahead of time yeah um so that
there's no
surprises coming in
um and saying like oh we need to do this
because if if like something comes out
that i'm like i need to talk about this
then there's a pocket gay for it um
like with the fantastic beasts video um
that came out i watched it and i was
like i need to talk about this garbage
and
you know i watched it and i pointed out
why it was worse than you thought it was
did you watch yeah you did watch it yeah
um
like kind of tempted to do a pocket
about chip and dale because it's just so
much gayer than
i ever thought it was gareth and it had
any right to be and like apparently like
originally they were brothers
but with this movie they clarified that
they're not
and everyone's like oh
they're gay
they were extremely gay and i i once
again kind of um remnant feelings of
luca uh where it was
this was a gay story
i don't think chippendale was a gay
story i i that's what i liked about it i
think chip and dale had was a story that
just so happened to have two gay
characters
yeah yeah you're right but like there
were a few times i looked over it was
like they're that's a gay that's a gay
thing and once again kind of like
reminiscing yeah at one point they have
their arms around each other's hips yeah
um yeah um and like that kind of feeds
into my ongoing they literally say i
love you yes
and like that kind of feeds into my
ongoing philosophy that straight people
will only see us
a straight straight straight cisgender
people will only see us
if we are being persecuted because of
our queerness if there's a coming out
doesn't need to be persecuted i think it
just needs to be obvious does it need to
be persecution
right but like if you are having a story
that removes
i don't want to get into that but
it's frustrating you're wrong um it's
it's not just persecution
it's not just gay bashing and stuff like
that like the movie that's coming out
bros
that's a gay romantic comedy no one's
going to say oh i think they're actually
straight right but this no no no but
like it's not about persecution it's
about taking away the it's feeding into
the great queer coding about how you
constantly you personally uh we i guess
you constantly uh lampooned for saying
like that's not actually gay you're
reading into this wrong siddhan is
actually like not gay he just really
respects link because what he did a
hundred years ago um
like you know that kind of discussion
like it's impossible for us to insert
ourselves into media with subtlety like
you're on ice um when they're in when
things aren't necessarily explicit
because explicitly explicit c is not
part of the plot or not part of the draw
uh it's impossible for us to be seen in
those narratives
um unless the narrative is about how
society is persecuting us because of our
queerness or unless the queerness is
explicitly stated um and this queer
coding is always going to be read by
straight people as straightness and
there is no way for us to argue with
that because they consistently believe
these stories are straight because we
only in subtlety we only in explicit
media we only exist when we have been
suffering and that is what straight
people have been over accustomed to
seeing us as yeah um and in media the
gay media that is directed to a straight
audience always focuses on how the
particular queer in question is
suffering what are they suffering under
uh why are they suffering and it's kind
of this kind of
reoccurring sort of wheel of discussing
uh queer prosecution in a way that queer
people and a lot of queer creators don't
really want to get into see i don't
necessarily agree because i don't think
there's any queer persecution going on
with like the bird cage i don't think
there's anything you don't
well other than a [ __ ] son
but yeah
that's once again that's a discourse on
closeting um a discourse on a gay
gay couple that needs to exist in the
closet and okay well what's the clear
persecution in bros that you watched the
trailer what are you
queerness that's what i was talking
about there is explicit queerness in
there there are two men kissing in the
trailer it's undeniable at that point
i'm talking about explicitly subtle
queer representation okay subtle queer
yeah i referenced yuri and ice yuri on
ice and yeah lincoln sit on and other
ones that we've been talking about
consistently um
sure uh post sight on sit on it
um it's 30 rock joke
uh so yeah in discussions about things
like yuri on ice we are there's never
going to be unless you have open-minded
straight people there's never going to
be a way to sort of convince people that
it isn't straight because
in the hegemonistic mindset of analyzing
queerness queerness exists in spaces of
suffering or in sex um alternately
queerness does not exist because success
is success without sexist gear is
something that is uh pejorative
is that the word right it's something
that is intrinsically linked to
heterosexual cisgender hegemonistic uh
values i agree
we actually do agree on that okay um i i
do think that you're right it's either
we need queer suffering or
so blatant you cannot
say no or else because
i have seen
certain heterosexuals on the internet oh
dear where's this going who have watched
the old guard
and said you know that scene
you know that scene with joe and nicki
know that scene
where they say they love each other that
was to distract
the bad guys this is what i mean
like this is what so even when it's
obvious they'll find a way to say no
like we read that as a queer experience
because it's like it's very clear to us
this is how these people interact like
this is not that's
sorry if you're heterosexual and that is
your ideal friendship i have some news
for you
yeah yeah which one chip which one is
which um dale uh doesn't eat whale
uh so he's the goofy one
okay so chip is the one the insurance
sales yeah okay chip's the cute one okay
i think it's i think i say he's the cute
one because he continued to be normally
animated
yeah i like that um
i i i it's weird because even though
he's like traditionally animated his
eyes are so much more expressive than
the cgi
yeah yeah um
but you know with animation with
animation the more cartoonish animation
style is the more licensed there is to
sort of break the rules of physics yeah
whereas like you can't really do
although dale's little teeth were super
cute dale's little teeth were cute and
not like the sonic teeth
i did not i did not expect that cameo to
be as funny as it was as a recurring
joke to the point that i felt a little
bit bad for the paramount animators who
were instructed to animate this design
like that like yeah but they fixed it
they did fix it i think that that was
just a little bit mean to kind of like
lampoon the animators so badly i i think
the director was whose it was yeah yeah
i'm not sure it was lampooning yeah yeah
because like animators people who do
like the you know uh fingers to or pens
to tablets animation of the things and
works with the computers and animate
these things they don't make the
decisions about what the models look
like no that's their managers that's
their directors um the director has
final say on what something looks like
but like that's not the lead animator
that's not the lead concept art concept
artist well even then like the lead
direct the the director would have seen
like multiple versions and picked one
and picked one yes and picked the wrong
one and picked that one and that's why
it was probably so easy to jump into
like so quick that they jumped into a
different design because the design had
already been done oh yeah absolutely and
then that said like no that that one
looks too much like the the video game
that one looks too like truthful
i just don't see how this is a real
thing and it's like people don't care
about that it's a it's a fast hedgehog
okay you have jim carrey is dr robotnik
still need to watch that i still need to
watch that apparently the second one is
really really good with idris elba as
knuckles knuckles which is just like um
yeah perfect perfect fasting um
they had a discussion about voice actor
about real actors who shouldn't do voice
acting and injure zelda is not one of
those
no he's got the voice he can do voice
acting you either need to know how to
make your voice distinct or have an
automatically distinctive voice yeah
either way like you know back on that
discussion of like straight visibility
like
um it's stressful
it's just it is it is and it's it it's
burning me out
because honestly and this is this is
this is something i don't really talk
about um
the making of the videos
i and maybe it's because like i i've
this is what i've wanted to do forever i
don't feel burnt out from this
um even right now where i am knee-deep
in a very long video that basically when
i edit a video here's some background
when i edit a video i basically edit it
three times yeah i edit it once where i
go through and get rid of all of the
pauses and the the silences and stuff
like that to get it where okay this is
the length of the video and then i edit
it again putting in the b-roll putting
in the cutaway clips the cutaway clips
all that stuff and then i edit it again
for audio and music and that's the one i
usually sit on sit in on which you're
not going to be here for that at this
time because uh we're recording this on
monday nick's leaving on wednesday to go
home and my family for the first time in
like three years since covet uh
immediate before god i saw my family in
december of 2019
uh december of 2019. yeah was one for
christmas
you were
right i forgot about school right which
also again education caused burnout this
this last few years have been
terrible but um
but the um something that's really been
like
the comment sections on my videos are
usually so
nice and encouraging
like sometimes one thing that [ __ ]
frustrates me so much is when something
someone says oh my god you look exactly
like x
i'm never flattered by the comparison
never ever flattered okay like just just
a heads up like one person compared me
to someone i was like oh god and i
googled them and i was like i will
accept that if i look like them 50
pounds from now i will be there who is
it do you remember i can't remember he's
on the shadowhunter show okay and he's
hot well like okay so but it's usually
like this story homely singer like
was like i oh no no no i really think
they're attractive no people think
they're attractive it's like okay but
but i do not like okay like people
telling you you look like michael sarah
oh my god and that girl would not stop
i'm like i think he's re i
i'm not saying he's ugly but i'm saying
i i do not that is not how i want to
project myself to the world he's like no
he's actually like really attractive
don't you know that i'm like stop please
like i think michael sarah is very cute
yeah i also don't think you look like
michael sarah thank you
thank you
um
but but yeah like
the comments that's what i was getting
at uh the comments are usually very nice
but
i put out uh a youtube short which was
just a little clip from the nintendo
video of me basically saying look side
on is gay
um and link is queer too
or not that none of that but it's okay
to read side on as queer yeah the
comments
were so
hateful and disgusting
for the first time ever i had to turn
the comments off on a video
because the youtube shorts get out to a
much wider audience than
than uh the normal videos because people
are way more likely to click on
something that's 50 seconds than 50
minutes
um
and that's actually helped the nintendo
video a lot because a lot of people saw
the short and then jumped over to the
full-length video which is good
but um
so many people were just there saying
the most disgusting things like not just
like homophobic stuff but just
somehow dragging trans people into it
and
like
just saying them like violent things
hitler was right and all of these things
and i was like
christ almighty
and like it's fine to disagree with me
and say like i actually don't think link
is queer that's fine but it's a queer
reading
don't
threaten with like deathcaps over it
comes some years like no i i don't think
that said on has a queer reading it's
like okay what's your evidence
provide evidence please because i've
provided evidence for you yeah like but
like i'm fine with people having
different opinions on media it's when
they start to say like
like oh this is why the gays and the
transes are are attacking children and
all this stuff it's like
what
but yeah so that's that has been burning
me out way more than like video
production because like i'm fine with
people saying like i think your video is
ugly okay i don't think your video
sounds very good okay well i haven't
been getting those lately because i have
a good microphone now yeah um but like
things like that like i'm like you know
i take it in stride but it
the
few and far between comments of like oh
you're fat they bother me
but like you know again i've gotten that
for so long that i just have to deal
with it and we're working on it
yeah
that's why i was so sick yesterday
because i'm on injections that are
supposed to limit your appetite but by l
the way they limit your appetite is by
making you want to puke
um you took too much off the bat yeah
you're supposed to go they go in 0.6
increments up to 3 milligrams
and you started at the halfway point i
started at 1.8 instead of 0.6 so that's
why i felt very sick yesterday yeah but
anyway
um
so um
what was i getting at yeah that's that's
burning me out that's making me way more
exhausted with videos
than
uh
any of the actual production and writing
side of things like i as i'm editing
this i'm super excited to write the
queer's folk video yeah and make the
queers folk video i'm super excited to
do you know all these other things now
you talked about like the comment
section for a large reason that's why i
don't really interact with the comments
don't
uh because i you know me i know your
mental health don't i
might the way my mental health works is
i fixate on things yeah like i come to
you and tell you the really nice ones
yeah the really nice ones sometimes you
do let a bad one slip and like for hours
i'm just
yeah a ball of like at some point we're
going to do a a podcast looking at some
of the most crazy the crazy ones the fun
ones yeah they're fun um the crazy fun
comments that we get on videos i'm going
to start keeping track of them because
some of them are just hilarious yeah
um and like i i like and this is the
thing about like you know with me and
burnout the more burnt out and
overworked i am
the less of an ability i have to
de-fixate on things yeah um like
you know what was the day i had the
pillow out of my face for most of the
day
except that's two days it wasn't
yesterday or two days ago um that was
actually spurred the last
straw on the camel's back was actually a
contraband tweet
um and honestly i could like like most
of her tweets i could what did she do i
could barely make sense of it
what i got i swear to god
original 16th century thomas hobbes was
is easier to decipher than her than
contra points tweets um she really needs
to just
use regular language she she started
talking i think she was in majority
support of amber heard in the donnie
depp's in the johnny depp case and she
was sort of
talking about how the um
the they were both fighting argument is
a bad faith argument and how that this
trial is bad for you know abuse
survivors because johnny depp shouldn't
be doing that doing a trial
taking her to court over this
um and
how you know like people on youtube are
kind of like jumping on the this is a
bandwagon that they're jumping onto
justice for johnny is like a bandwagon i
think that's what she was saying
yeah um
i got so
sad because you know some of the
history
i've had it's like
when you were in an abusive relationship
especially with someone who's a massive
[ __ ] queen
they will manipulate you into doing
a somewhat bad thing yeah
um that they can say you hurt my
feelings
and then
um
that justifies to them asking a whole
lot from you yeah because you feel
guilty that you hurt them yeah
um and so that makes you more toxic and
you start to do worse things and so like
they keep baiting you into getting on
their level in terms of like fighting
dirty like that yeah
and like
i just got so discouraged like oh girl
you're supposed to see through this kind
of stuff
yeah you are
this is it's your job to think you're
supposed to think through this kind of
stuff like yes believe not believe women
believe victims
and if like and i mean it is a very
complicated situation with johnny and
amber i don't want to get too far into
it oh yeah i'm just i'm just sort of
saying like that was one of the things
that i saw it and i was just like i give
up
yeah i can't do this anymore
yeah and like
so like when you are burnt out little
things just like
they just stick inside your head yeah
and they can't get out and like you know
like i had uh for those who follow me on
twitter like i've had a few tweets out
there being like i've lost complete
interest in all media all the things i
used to i used to love i hate now i'm
trying to beat him into like reading
like attack on titan or something it's
happening don't worry i'm i'm i i think
that when i was in not actually beat him
he says that
but you don't know what happens behind
the closed door
um
when i am like burnt out and super
depressed like that and i was pretty
significantly depressed
uh maybe still am we'll see
um uh
like i don't know if i could have been
able to engage with any media and
enjoyed it which is the thing when you
are depressed like and i i've learned
that when i engage with when i have
engaged with media when i'm depressed i
just end up hating it yeah and so like i
don't want to be filled with like hey i
don't want to put hate into the world
and that's kind of how i've kind of read
realigned my kind of life philosophy in
twitter too is like i do get negative
thoughts
i'm a bit of a massive [ __ ]
um a lot of the time i i'll own that
um but like i just don't want to
i'm fine being a [ __ ] but i just don't
want to kind of just go on to twitter
yeah i don't like this thing because
negativity i don't want to be that
person i don't want to kind of put that
out there well yeah that's that's one of
the things that i kind of other than
disney's dickery when it comes to
media
you will other than doctor strange too
yeah you will never see me on twitter
saying
this piece of media
that is you know benign like if it's
something that is like
specifically homophobic or transphobic
or something like that i will call it
out yeah but if it's just like i didn't
like this movie yeah i am not going to
make a video about it and it's not that
i don't let myself have these negative
thoughts it's like i keep it to myself
yeah like i've seen
like
the
the crimes of
secrets of dumbledore yeah um
secret crimes of grindelward um
that
i watched that and i was like oh i have
to talk about this [ __ ]
like when it comes but like most of my
videos are like oh my god heartstopper
is adorable you need to watch
heartstopper or oh my god luca is super
adorable and i hate that they didn't go
far enough but it's super cute yeah um
and like i said when it comes to like i
don't like putting negativity out there
i like putting thought out there and
when there's an argument about like even
killing stalking that video is not even
negative yeah that's me saying this
comic is [ __ ] brilliant well yeah
like when i talk about like negativity i
mean like you're like just kind of like
i don't like this is a little toxic i
don't like this thing because of these
reasons okay yeah i don't like things
people are led to have an opinion and if
people don't have that same opinion as
me like i just don't there are sometimes
when i am kind of like deep in a spiral
and it's like i hate superman so much
and then i kind of
i kind of just
bitched to a friend of mine and this
happened um a big long kind of rant
about why superheroman is the worst one
like
no and i deleted most of the things i'm
like i don't that's not me yeah like i i
this person likes superman i'm not
trying to convince him i'm just trying
to vent and it's not fair for me to take
it out on them i'm not going to take it
on twitter i have these negative
feelings
when i am depressed it's more easy to
[ __ ] kind of focus on them and kind of
not let them go but what i was saying is
like
um
i don't want to engage with media when i
am in a mental health spiral because i
won't enjoy it and i will find reasons
to not enjoy it i'll find reasons to
scapegoodas for why i'm not successful
the scapegoat myself is like i'm not as
good an artist as this so it must suck
so i must suck everything sucks and so
like
i can't enjoy things when i'm depressed
like like things that i'm trying to
compete with and i don't like using
compete because i think that when in
terms of media there's no amount of
media that people won't consume so it's
not like yeah as far as like
i don't think there is people will read
like 3 000 books a year like i'm not
like you know like oh they're not going
to buy my book because they're too busy
reading yeah like that's something that
i had for a really long time where i was
like okay i can't put out my video on
around the same time as you know a
philosophy tube video because then no
one's gonna watch mine it's like
no
actually they will
they just might not watch it until the
next day yeah but they're going to watch
it because there's not a finite amount
of
like
things
and it's something that like lots of
people who are subscribed to me on
youtube they watch my video a couple of
months after it comes out and it's not
because they were like oh i don't want
to watch it it's just they didn't have
time to get to it yeah and that's fine
um
but when i but i am negative and what i
am spiraling and i am overworked and
like um what sort of burnout that's the
topic uh when i am burnt out like when i
watch something even if it's something
that i'd rather otherwise like it'll be
tainted because they'll be focusing on
the negative things yeah and so that's
why like a lot of people are are in the
comments on the wanda video saying
please please make a video about doctor
strange too because i need to hear how
much you hate it i'm like i don't want
to
i don't want to make a video about how
much i hate something yeah because hey
honestly when it comes to burnout hating
stuff is exhausting yeah it is
exhausting to hate things i would much
rather make a video saying you need to
watch our flags mean death yeah and
that's why like our flag means death our
[ __ ] mean death um
language
um we mean cigarettes the the bundles of
wood that burned us at the stake those
were literally um
but no like it is so exhausting to hate
something to hold especially if you're
like working on a several week-long
project about how much you hate
something yeah um
it was easy for crimes of grindelwald
because like i wrote that in a day
yeah
but like
oh and this is what bothers me about a
lot of the a lot of feedback we get
about the stuff we cover is like oh my
god you talked about this then you must
hate us like no we say like five times
that this is a good media yeah but like
young young royal is an example of that
it's like no this was good media it's
just it's there are things to talk no a
no piece of media in the entire world
history of the world is beyond reproach
there is a criticism you can make about
everything because it was made by a
human being which itself is or our
committee which itself makes it
imperfect yeah um
no piece of media is imperfect every
piece of media is going to portray a
bias a cultural bias a personality bias
that the artist has
uh that's a consequence of artists and
two
there
a good piece of media can rely can lean
on something a trope a narrative device
a piece of symbolism that points towards
a larger social context in society and
just because we're criticizing that
social context does not mean the piece
of media is bad
and so like and that's kind of our
philosophy is like we don't make stuff
media about stuff that we hate if it's a
p if it's if we're making a video about
it at least one of us is a huge fan of
it
not necessarily what do you mean uh well
like sometimes we will like the crimes
of grindelwald no oh yeah
secrets of dumbledore yeah uh video the
recent um
the recent disney video about how just
hateful disney has become so very
quickly well yeah but like those are
short things we don't make big projects
or longer projects disney video was long
which this new video is that the most
recent one that was only like half an
hour long well that's still long we
wrote it in like a day well yeah it was
it was written shot and edited and
published in a day within 24 hours um
but like that's what i mean is like
you know they're not necessarily short
things but we do them quickly yeah and
kind of get it out of our system and
yeah that's because i can't admire
myself in something that is negative
that is so talks and my kind of argument
against bigotry is that i don't
understand why you would want
to hold on to these you know negative
cultural stereotypes because it takes
way more energy
to hate something than it does to not
care yeah like literally right now the
video that we're working on that i'm
editing
um the camp video
even though it is
as of right now two and a half hours
long
i love it i love working on it because
every one of these are one of my
favorite movies oh yeah like honestly
i'm like oh my god i can't wait to get
to death becomes her i was so anxious
writing it because i was writing a lot
yeah like it was really long and it was
because i just had so much to say about
these things yeah cause these are good
movies that i really like like there are
no no no movie on this list
is something that i don't enjoy yeah um
and so like i love even though this is a
long video i love it this is not the
holocaust video or the queer panic video
where it was just horrible getting
through it because it was so miserable
and that's what like i put out the poll
on patreon last week i think about like
do we have to do the supernatural video
um
and you know so so many people were like
most of the reactions were like i really
want you to do it because i want to know
your opinion but if you haven't watched
it yet
i can't
i can't in any faith ask you to watch
you know 15 seasons of a show it was a
lot of seasons one might even say season
and ending yeah
um
and
so you know something else will replace
it for the december special the special
december video i don't know because like
the series kind of just devolved into
like having oh right it's the gay spaces
that's that's the thing which is about
how we're family and we have to stick
together because we're family
and that time that there was okay this
is hilarious because there's an episode
in supernatural where they're they're
chasing a siren
uh a siren who can shape-shift into the
object of someone else's desire in order
to manipulate them
the siren changes into one of the
brothers to manipulate the other one
yep that happened that was before
castiel even was what was the cat was
part of the was part of the cast
[Laughter]
maybe i do need to talk about it
just broke james
so yeah like what we were saying about
like you you wanted to put out like a
call to the patrons uh to see fans of
the show to kind of get a sense of like
where to focus like what seasons to kind
of focus on because each season is like
20 something episodes long
that's the other thing is it's not like
10 episode seasons it's not like an hbo
show they're like 20 some episodes long
and they're all like hour-long episodes
but yeah according to the vote i i i
think it was close but it ended up being
um
the the loss of gay spaces
um which i'd actually like to do as kind
of a documentary like actually talk to
some gay bar owners and stuff like that
and community center organizers
especially because like you know we're
in a community that is much smaller
which would be much more affected by a
decrease in volume the loss of
patronage loss of patronage and so like
that kind of stuff like i'm really
excited to do that and that's why like i
don't feel burnout from the youtube
stuff from the telo stuff the
organization of the telo stuff the
pre-production not even the
pre-production i'm excited for the
pre-production it's the
the the organizing stuff that usually on
a bigger
uh feature would be put together by a
producer
um we do not have a producer no
um i wish i had the money to hire one uh
so like but when it comes to me like i
don't dislike right just writing essays
like i was doing i was a semi-successful
blogger for a while
um but for me it was just the sheer
volume the constant promise of after the
next video i get a break and that not
happening yeah um the consistent work
every day i didn't get weekend i didn't
get weekend for a lot of weeks i did not
get the weekend um i didn't get weekends
for a lot of weeks you're making me
sound like a slave driver here um
honestly i was doing it to myself uh i
was berating him to be like it's
saturday and sunday stop but i was like
i'm not gonna be able to hit the
deadline unless i work through this
weekend and like sometimes i would just
work literally all day i would not do
anything that wasn't writing like we'd
go out for groceries for like an hour or
two but then back here back at the
keyboard yeah um
and it was on top of that
that i had this massive guilt for not
working on my other projects yeah by
fictional projects i felt like i'm like
i'm going to lose what readers i do have
i'm going to not be able to kind of
establish myself in a way that
is going to be able to set this up as a
career that i can write fiction as a
career uh and then you just spiral from
there and it's like this is gonna be my
life forever like
which i much preferred it
when videos uh a lot permitted for some
time off
which is the plan going forward
kind of yeah i mean when videos allotted
for time off you were also getting paid
a whole lot less that's true
but like i don't really necessarily see
the workload as being that more that
much more significant doing a full video
in one pocket game a month like you know
because especially the pocket games are
something that you're going to do the
majority of and i'm kind of going to
slip in to see if there's anything i can
insert yeah like i don't think for the
queer folk video for instance i don't
think there's anything you can add to
that sure there's a few things i could
add to that especially
you're only surprised about the things i
can add to a video yeah but i think i'll
be putting that out well you're not even
here that's true so
um if you want to you can put it in a
google doc and i can take a look at it
while i'm on here yeah but um
yeah there's
it's weird because like i said i don't
feel the burnout from youtube i feel the
burnout from the the little things
around it like
if telos had a full-time producer on
staff
um
[Music]
i would feel
i don't think any burnout at all
um
because i am
doing
something that i love doing
um
and
i'm just so grateful and thankful that i
get to do this thing that i've wanted to
do since forever yeah um
that there maybe there's burnout like
down the line at some point where i'll
be like i gotta take a month off yeah
something like that that's why i've been
trying like i said i'm trying to sort of
pressure you to realize that if you need
to take a month off i don't think your
patrons or your
subscribers are going to really hold it
against you
no and and like the thing is like
i'm not there yet yeah and i don't think
i'll be there especially because contra
point's point promised her new video
weeks ago
i mean
months ago dear months ago but she said
optimistically a few weeks ago that it
would be coming out soon
well i i i laughed at her
tweet a couple of days ago it was
i'm working on the video i'm almost done
it will either be out this weekend or i
don't [ __ ] know
and it wasn't out this weekend
tweets are like that and not like the
other way the cryptic ones that she
deletes 10 minutes later yeah um
but yeah um
so uh to cap off how do you deal with
stress relief burnout
me yeah
um
built building building things with lego
with lego and minecraft
like where i for a couple of days there
something that has
been bearing down on me lately that i
haven't been talking about a whole lot
definitely not on streams and stuff but
i haven't even really talked to you a
whole lot about it is the fact that my
mom is gone is starting to actually hit
yeah you have talked a bit about me with
me
i haven't told you all the time
i know i know oh i imagine it happens
more than you say cause like the night
my mom died obviously i cried i was a
mess like the next day my whole face was
sore
um
but i hadn't really cried since then
because i had so much to do
i had to make sure stuff was taken care
of with my dad with youtube stuff the
insurance stuff
and now the insurance stuff never got
figured out because rbc insurance
[ __ ] us over
yeah um
uh but like on the technical
technicality that we didn't even think
they were such a [ __ ] anyway um make
a [ __ ] video about them
but um
not saying you shouldn't but like
i'm now at a point where okay i've i've
given my dad some money
where he's taken care of for a while
um
you know with
amazing patrons it's it's really kind of
lifted the load of youtube a bit
um
telos is working out and that's one of
the things that mom really wanted like
she wanted me to have that insurance
money so i could start making movies
um
and so because these
stresses have been lifted
it's finally hitting me that my mom's
gone
and like for instance seeing something
on the internet i'm like oh my god i
have to call mom and tell her and then
literally picking up my phone and
realizing oh her phone is in my desk
that you um yeah yeah and stuff like
that so like that
has been
hitting me but that's not burnout that's
just like that's regular grieving that's
that's the additional thing that's
that's been layered on
um
but yeah how i deal with like
uh
stress and stuff like that is
buying lego and putting it together
um like i have for when you're gone i
have some lego coming that i'm gonna put
together and like listen to some
podcasts and just kind of chill
um we need more places to put any more
shelves
uh we are running out of apartment
i think we gotta buy some mountable
shelves
uh yeah all of the walls are just gonna
be decorated with
yeah but um should probably start
donating old sets to like like after
watching attack on titan i was like i
want to build parody
and so like i went in i started building
this giant walled city
um
and it's not the three wall layer
because that's it it might end up being
three layers it's honestly like right
now i struggle with minecraft because
like i'm like i could get into minecraft
again i'm like oh great there's a
massive update coming in a few months i
can't get invested in things because
then the world's going to shift and then
to get to knew the updates in order to
get the new biomes and stuff i'm gonna
have to travel like thousands of blocks
away so that's like an ocd thing i don't
really care about that yeah i'm very ocd
which is why i struggle with minecraft
um
but yeah that's that and lego are really
my kind of escape
because like even playing like narrative
video games i haven't been into any
narrative video games or anything um
once in a while i'll get to dive into
something like attack on titan
um
i've owned screen for on blu-ray for
weeks now i haven't watched it yet
um
that's that's a reward i have set aside
for when i finish this video i'm gonna
watch stream four
um
but yeah how do you how do you deal with
stress
um
i think the last year broke me and i
like i said i kind of had that breakdown
not a mini breakdown a while ago i was
talking about like all of the things
that i kind of built myself around
enjoying i don't enjoy anymore like
comic books comic books maybe we should
talk about that
about what
that in a podcast yeah that could be the
next one yeah
but like you know like and so like a lot
of the things that i used to that used
to give me joy that used to look excited
towards
i i know i i've muted yeah on twitter i
can't look at it because it just reminds
me of when i was happier with these
things yeah um and i'm in a period of my
life where i am
i need to start finding new things i
need to start changing my life i need to
start doing new things to kind of
give me that sense of enjoyment and
fulfillment yeah um on top of writing
fiction uh that i generally do
genuinely do find that that uh
fulfilling and de-stressing but like i
can't do it if i'm working too much
because it is in itself it takes energy
yeah absolutely that's why i kind of
said like i'm i'm giving you two months
off so that you can that'll give me time
to sort of recover and sort of get back
into working on these stories we need to
have a skype call so i can go over some
plot stuff with you anyway so like i
play video games my mindless video games
farming games warframes warframe
um i tried playing the miles morales
spider-man game i was like nope can't do
it
no um
i put out a tweet about how i'm really
really starting to hate
ex needlessly intelligent characters
oh characters who have like that genius
level but at the same time are super
agile and have superpowers and they're
super strong and it's like that no dm
would never let you max your strength
dexterity and intelligence at the same
time okay
no no no it doesn't matter if you take
losses and charisma and wisdom
okay
your kryptonite cannot be talking to
girls um
okay
so like i am i'm trying to
set myself up in a life where i can
do more things to kind of de-stress i'm
feeling very isolated socially
so like i'm hoping that can maybe help a
bit more i don't know things i i've been
changing a lot since especially since i
hit 29 yeah um and i've stayed at 29 for
the last two years imagine that
um
i've been 31 for the last two years yeah
yeah
crazy so i'm i'm really just trying to
i can never remember how old i am figure
out
how to get these things that will help
me de-stress without me focusing on why
i hate them for what about that makes me
hate it
so to close out the podcast let's ask
the padreons yes
ideas what uh what do you do to
de-stress
and
is there anything you could recommend
for us for de-stressing i i'm serious
because like a lot of people have like
things that you
ways to de-stress that you would never
think of and it's kind of like
huh
like the other night i thought like i
have some money why don't i get a
[ __ ] massage yeah because i have so
many like back problems right now and
i'm so tense you know what i'd love to
start doing
going for hikes
go for it i'd need to borrow your car
no
if you want to hike walk there
okay everyone uh this has been this
week's episode of the padreon and next
week we'll be talking about things that
make us happy and why we hate that they
don't anymore
all right thank you so much for
listening my name is james i'm nick
and we'll be back next week
[Music]